Amazon API Gateway GeoLocation REST API Disaster Recovery (#2394)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: apigw-geo-location-failover/README.md

Reviewer: Please improve on the testing part and provide an example on how to verify the failover is working.

> # Amazon API  Gateway GeoLocation REST API Disaster Recovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Multi-Region Disaster Recovery for Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda
```

> Customers often want to access the resources from the same country where user resides and this pattern will help them to achieve the same. This demo also demonstrates an Amazon API Gateway multi-region active-passive public API that proxies two independent multi-region active-passive Lambda function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This serverless application demonstrates a disaster recovery solution for Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda across multiple AWS regions. It showcases an active-passive setup where API Gateway and Lambda functions are deployed in two separate regions. In the event of a regional outage or disruption in the primary region, the application automatically fails over to the secondary region, ensuring continued availability and minimizing downtime.
```

Important: this application uses various AWS services and there are costs associated with these services after the Free Tier usage - please see the AWS Pricing page for details. You are responsible for any AWS costs incurred. No warranty is implied in this example.

> # Requirements

Reviewer: You should add required AWS resources here as well (domain, certificate)

    Once you have run `sam deploy --guided --config-env secondary` mode once and saved arguments to a configuration file (samconfig.toml), you can use `sam deploy --config-env secondary` in future to use these defaults.

```
 Note the output from the SAM deployment process. These contain details which are used for testing.
```

# How it works

1. You will deploy the same template in two separate regions:

-  When you deploy template in the Primary region, it will create a custom domain name , Geolocation route of custom    domain name mapped to failover route, a Primary Record for failover routing mapped to API gateway domain name and Lambda function integrated with API gateway.
- When you deploy template in the Secondary region, it will create a custom domain name,  a Primary Record for failover routing mapped to API Gateway domain name and Lambda function integrated with API gateway.

    2. If an issue with the primary region occurs, you can user Amazon Route53 ARC to route traffic to the secondary region.
    
    3. This example demonstrates the failover only and does not encompass authentication and data for the multiple regions.

> Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Testing
```

Once the stack is deployed, get the custom domain name output parameter.
Paste the URL in a browser, or in Postman, or using the curl command.
Eg: 

```
curl https://externalapi.mydomain.com/
```

You should see a response similar to when request made from the same country as GeoLocation:

```
{"message" : "Hello World! This is the regional API"}
```

> You should see a response similar to when request made from the same country as GeoLocation:

Reviewer: Duplicate or something missing, no different command executed
